[Dio] For this to work,
what you need is
the power of my Stand.
The World.
Beyond the powers
my Stand shall bestow upon you,
lies the path you must travel
in order to find
the gates of heaven.
What you will need once on the
path is a trustworthy friend.
Someone capable of controlling
their own selfish desires.
A person who shares no interest
in sex, fame, wealth, or power.
And above all,
they must be someone
who chooses the will of God
before the law of humans.
The question remains.
Will I ever cross paths
with someone like this one day?
Additionally,
you'll need the souls
of more than 36 humans
who have committed
atrocious sins.
That is because
those who have sinned
harbor a strong power within.
Of equal note, there are 14
words you need to keep in mind.
Their significance
is vital to this plan.
So, I will engrave them
onto my Stand
to ensure that
I never forget them myself.
What is most necessary
is courage.
I'm loathed to do so,
but I must have the courage
to relinquish my Stand once.
As it gradually disintegrates,
my Stand will take form
and absorb the souls
of the 36 sinners,
and will give birth
to something entirely new.
Whatever is born will awaken.
And once these 14 words are
uttered by my trusted friend,
the newborn will express
a keen interest.
In this moment,
my friend will trust me
as I'll befriend
this new entity.
Lastly, you'll need
an appropriate location.
North latitude,
28 degrees, 24 minutes,
west longitude,
80 degrees, 36 minutes.
[dramatic music playing]
Go there! And wait patiently
for the next new moon.
That, my friend,
is when heaven will come.
Oh, hello there, Father!
Good morning!
Your hair's gotten longer.
How many days
since your last visit?
[Father Pucchi] I have
no further use for this prison.
The child that was born
is already in my possession.
[music continues]
Now, I simply have to wait for
my fated time to go to heaven.
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
[ominous music playing]
[door closes]
This is really bad!
Like a nightmare.
They've issued
a maximum class security alert.
Everyone here
is armed to the teeth.
And the whole place
is crawling with guards.
I shouldn't even stay here
another minute.
Hey, Jolyne,
can you hear me at all?
Are you listening?
The priest is no longer
on this island.
He's already left
the Green Dolphin Street Prison
for who knows what.
But he didn't have
any belongings,
and I confirm that
he wasn't carrying a baby
anywhere on him.
[Jolyne] I've been so bored,
I gave myself a belly ring.
Anyway, did you bring
the disc with you?
Emporio, do you have it now?
Did you contact
the Speedwagon Foundation?
No way I could
with such tight security.
But of course
I have the disc, Jolyne.
I would never leave it
lying around somewhere.
Look! I'm breaking out.
-Lead the way.
-[Emporio] Jolyne.
According to the guards, they
think that you're the only one
who survived what happened
in the Punishment Ward.
They can't accuse you yet,
but at the moment,
you're the only person
they can question about it.
And this area
is the most heavily guarded.
Are you saying
you want to escape to my room?
I don't think you get it,
Emporio.
I'm talking about the prison.
I'm breaking out of this place.
I can't sit around here
and wait anymore.
It's time! I'm getting off
of Green Dolphin Island.
You'll show me the shortcut.
I... I'll definitely call
the Speedwagon Foundation
for you, Jolyne.
I'll try my best
to get ahold of them today.
You're missing
the big picture, Emporio.
Getting Dad's disc back
was the first step.
But just because we have it now
doesn't mean this is over.
If F.F. was still with us,
they'd already be hot
on that priest's trail.
And now that I finally read
my father's memories,
I know what
the last 20 years mean.
Also,
I understand why my father
decided to seal away
Dio's Stand ability.
Fact is, my old man would
never let that priest get away.
My name is Jolyne Cujoh!
It's up to me to seal what
that bastard just obtained.
Ugh.
[exhales softly]
[Jolyne] Emporio.
Do you honestly plan
to stay here forever?
Ultimately, you decide,
but we can leave together.
I don't think
you're understanding.
You just don't get it.
No, I do get it.
Give me three minutes and I can
destroy one of these iron bars.
[Emporio]
But what about after that?
There's no one else here
who can help you right now.
It's only me!
Ermes and Anastasia are still
in the medical ward recovering,
and they'll be there a while.
Weather is secluding himself
in his cell for some reason,
and won't even come to my room.
I have that covered.
We can go from
the Ultra Security House Unit.
The marsh is that way.
[Emporio] Impossible!
Nobody has been able to escape
this prison, not ever!
There were inmates
who were punished severely
for even contemplating
breaking out.
But anyway, unless we
can stop time like your dad,
we're gonna be stuck here
and there's nothing
you or I can do about it.
I can't figure out what, but
there's something more to it.
I mean something way scarier
than the security cameras.
It's almost as if the prison
itself is watching us.
Emporio, when is the next
new moon on the calendar?
Wait, Jolyne!
Let's wait for the Speedwagon
Foundation first.
I would hate for us
to lose the disc
that took so much time
and trouble to get back.
North, 28 degrees, 24 minutes.
West, 80 degrees, 36 minutes.
Where is that?
I... I'm sorry, Jolyne!
I wanna help you but I can't.
[footsteps approaching]
[g
asps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps softly]
I have a message from
Pale Snake. Listen carefully!
[grunts]
This is the end of the line.
And don't even
think about trying to escape.
If you comply,
I'll make sure no one stops you
from getting your father's disc
out of this prison.
[music continues]
Well, you've got guts,
that's for sure.
You came right out and
showed me your face and Stand.
Want to tell me your name?
I am Mew Mew.
And you can call my Stand
Jailhouse Lock.
I'm showing you as a warning.
I take it seriously.
[Jolyne]
So, let me get this straight.
He told you to finish me off?
[Mew Mew] Well, yes!
If you plan on
escaping later, that is.
Escaping later, you say?
No, that ain't my plan.
This is!
Ora!
It's inside the bars!
I'm warning you again,
Jolyne Cujoh.
So, I know you hear me.
Don't touch the iron bars.
The more you think
about escaping,
the closer you'll get
to a very ugly death.
Is this your ability?
Take this!
Huh?
[grunts]
[Gwess] You want me
to call someone for you?
[breathes heavily]
Ugh.
What's up, Jolyne?
Are you okay?
Hey, wait! Where am I?
What is this?
Wait, you're Gwess.
-This is the female ward?
-[zapping]
Ouch!
[groans]
"One, grab a pen immediately."
Huh?
"Two, know that
you can only retain
up to three new things
at a time.
Three, defeat the Stand User.
Her name is Mew Mew."
[grunts softly]
What's all this,
and who wrote it?
Did they use this pen
to write it all down on me
while I was sleeping?
[gasps]
That's it. I remember now.
I was in solitary because of
the security incident.
I pierced my belly button.
An
d then, I saw Emporio.
I told him that I was
going to be escaping
so I can go after the priest.
And then, after that...
After that...
I, uh...
And...
And after I said
I was escaping...
Right, somebody showed up,
but who?
[gasps]
What the... I wrote all these.
This is my handwriting.
That's impossible! When...
I have no memory of this.
Hey, you! Why am I suddenly
back here at the female ward?
Um-hmm.
[Jolyne] Hey!
Answer the question!
Why the hell
are you ignoring me?
I've been asleep till now,
so I honestly don't know.
-I'm asking you for real!
-Okay, okay!
That's better! But before that,
do you have a pen handy?
Give me one, and hurry up!
[gasps softly]
All right, listen up.
I swear I'm not joking
when I ask this.
Do you think I could have
written these words by myself?
On my own body without help?
Uhm-hmm.
[gasps]
By any chance, Gwess, have I...
been asking you the same few
questions over and over again?
Uh, do me a favor?
About those questions
I keep asking you,
would you mind
answering them for me again?
"Jolyne, the prison doctor
has diagnosed you
with temporary amnesia
brought on by a traumatic shock
you received
while you were in the hole.
It affected your short-term
recall severely enough
that you can only memorize
up to three things at a time.
You can still remember
events in your past,
but if you manage
to memorize a fourth thing,
you will forget another one.
However, since this will not
affect your life as a prisoner,
you were remanded back
to the female wing
as of two days ago."
For real?
I've been back here
for two days?
Yeah, and I hope you feel
better soon. You'll need it.
[Jolyne] Two days!
I was asking the same questions
for two damn days?
But why would I?
[gasps]
"Defeat the Stand User."
"Her name is Mew Mew."
Wait! Holy crap!
Could it be... No, no way!
It's a Stand attack
to prevent me from breaking out
of this hell hole.
And I'm being attacked
right this moment.
[Jolyne] Everything
up to Emporio's visit.
But after that...
Um... after that...
After that I...
I'm sure I must have...
I think something happened.
[exhales softly]
Huh?
[gasps]
-Oh, no!
-[Gwess] Huh!
There's more of this shit.
What is all this?
[grunts]
Incidentally, Gwess,
do you know someone
who goes by the name Mew Mew?
Lookie there, Jolyne.
You can ask new questions.
Yeah, she's from
the floor above.
If I'm right, she's a bleached
blond, bad split ends.
About your height, I'd say.
I don't know what shit
she pulled to get locked up,
but I bet it was major.
At any rate, the woman's trash.
Got it!
Where can I go find her now?
If you'd been looking,
you would have seen her.
She just walked past
the door a second ago.
[gasps]
Gwess, tell me one more time,
what does she look like?
I'd say her height is
around 5 foot 7 and change.
Blond hair, bitchy stare,
wicked split ends,
wears cut-out stockings.
[gasps]
Wait! I'm back here?
How did I end up back
at the female ward again?
[grunts]
Who's Mew Mew?
Is she...?
[Mew Mew]
There a problem, honey?
Uh, no.
You said you're gonna
go eat just now.
It's almost time for lunch.
Good timing!
Oh, is that so?
[exhales]
[Mew Mew] Don't you dare think
about escaping, Jolyne Cujoh.
I don't care what your plan is.
You and your friends will
never be able
to get past
Jailhouse Lock or me.
[somber music playing]
[Emporio]
Pale Snake's true identity
was the priest, Father Pucchi.
F.F. pinned it down for us.
And?
[c
rying]
Then they're gone, huh?
[music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
Drink up, you've earned it.
We'll avenge you.
Hey, what do you think
you're doing?
Meal ticket now!
[Jolyne]
What are you talking about?
I'm here to get some lunch.
Then, you'd better show me
your lunch ticket.
You're walking out of here
hungry
if you try to pull any shit.
Hurry up! Show me!
Don't have all day!
Why don't you just step aside?
Bye! Get out of here.
Next.
Shit! Did I forget it
on my bed in the cell?
I'd better find a place
to write it down. [sighs]
Hm?
[grunts]
Huh?
What was I doing just now?
I know I came back to the cell
for something. What was it?
Come on! Think!
It had to be at least important
enough to take the trouble.
Jolyne, that's my lunch you're
eating. Drop that fork now!
-[grunts]
-Oh, man! It's almost gone!
That was my favorite cheese
penne, and you snarfed it all.
Dumbass!
You put your own meal ticket
in your pocket this morning.
[grunts softly, sighs]
Sorry! I'll use this to go get
you a replacement meal, then.
It's fine, really! Don't!
How about you just give me
your meal ticket
and I'll go get it myself.
Thank you!
And maybe you should write it
down somewhere this time.
"I gave my meal ticket
to Gwess. I didn't lose it."
My bad!
Who's this? A User? That can
only mean that it's a Stand.
Oh, that's right.
I have to go find Emporio.
I was trying to escape
from the isolated cell.
And I was probably with
Emporio at the time.
That's the only explanation.
I bet he knows something
about it that can help me.
He knows I want to escape.
Hey, we have a big problem.
There's no more mustard
in here. It's empty!
-How about a new one?
-Huh.
[Jolyne sighs]
This again! Did they serve
the same crap every day here?
Oh, I'm not even
all that hungry.
I'll just eat the cheese penne.
That's good.
[Mew Mew] Hey, Jolyne?
Mind if I sit down?
[suspenseful music playing]
[exhales]
[scoffs]
I'll take that as a yes.
I stepped on
a fucking cockroach earlier.
Now, there's dead bug
on my shoes.
[Jolyne]
Who is this woman?
So weird!
She obviously knows who I am.
Tall blonde.
Split ends.
Cut-out stockings.
[gasps]
You asshole! What the hell
are you doing to my lunch?
This needs some mustard.
Maybe a little ketchup, too.
[grunts]
Dressing would be
the perfect touch.
[exhales]
Hmm, it's delicious!
Um, thanks a lot!
You look so familiar.
What's your name?
Oh, no. I'm so sorry, Jolyne!
Look! What a mess I've made!
Please, let me clean it up.
Oh, it got all over your arm,
too. It's really dirty.
I'm just gonna wipe away
all that grunge. Scrubby scrub!
There we go, all cleaned up!
Isn't that better now?
Let me see
inside that pocket, too.
[Jolyne gasps]
[Mew Mew] I'll leave just that
for you to look over.
Jailhouse Lock.
Anyone who,
while trying to escape,
touches the bars my Stand's in,
will only be able to remember
three things at a time, sadly.
[Mew Mew] A life
of threes appears simple.
But it's actually
more difficult
than losing
all of your memories.
You will continuously
repeat experience
and be painfully reminded that
everything you do is useless.
An arduous feedback loop
that slowly erodes your spirit.
Eventually, it'll even drain
your will to escape.
It might feel something
like paralysis.
But really, that's your
appropriate punishment
for trying to break out
of prison.
[paper rustling]
[Jolyne] I know
I need something, but what?
What's important? What's
something I cannot forget?
What do I need to break
through this situation?
Just one thing!
That's all I need!
[Jolyne]
I've got to remember it.
'Cause if I can't do that now,
I'll forget it forever.
One goddamn thing!
But what matters most is...
This! This is all I need.
I'll leave room for one more.
Now, it's down to these two.
These two are
the only ones I need.
I can eighty-six
the rest myself.
And get back to my goal of
breaking the fuck out of here.
-[zapping]
-[Emporio screams in pain]
[grunts]
I spilled my water.
This is really bad!
[breathes heavily]
I'm being electrocuted.
I have to pull the plug
before I die.
Otherwise, I... I can't leave
this room through that exit
and meet Jolyne
like I'm supposed to.
[groans]
I have something important
to tell Jolyne.
I got to go.
She needs me.
No matter what happens,
I can't forget that!
I have to get out
of this room quickly!
[gasps]
-[zapping]
-[screams]
Oh, no! I spilled my water.
I have to pull the plug
before I die.
I'm being electrocuted.
Otherwise,
I can't leave this room
through that exit
and meet Jolyne.
I won't be able to see her.
[groans]
[Mew Mew] Wait a minute!
"I have to go see Emporio"?
I remember seeing something
like that on Jolyne's arm
right before I wiped it off.
I suppose I'll have
to confirm it, though.
Still, no one's
escaping from here.
It's an airtight fortress.
[whimpers]
[dramatic music playing]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]